Update documentation for new flutter bootstrapping APIs. (#10256)
flutter/website: src/content/platform-integration/web/bootstrapping.md

Here is a list of the tokens that the build step will substitute in either the
`flutter_bootstrap.js` or `index.html` files:

<div class="table-wrapper" markdown="1">

| Token | Replaced With |
|-|-|
| `{% raw %}{{flutter_js}}{% endraw %}` | The JavaScript code that makes the `FlutterLoader` object available in the `_flutter.loader` global variable. (See the `_flutter.loader.load() API` section below for more details.) |
| `{% raw %}{{flutter_build_config}}{% endraw %}` | A JavaScript statement that sets metadata produced by the build process which gives the `FlutterLoader` information needed to properly bootstrap your application. |
| `{% raw %}{{flutter_service_worker_version}}{% endraw %}` | A unique number representing the build version of the service worker, which can be passed as part of the service worker configuration (see the "Service Worker Settings" table below). |
| `{% raw %}{{flutter_bootstrap_js}}{% endraw %}` | As mentioned above, this inlines the contents of the `flutter_bootstrap.js` file directly into the `index.html` file. Note that this token can only be used in the `index.html` and not the `flutter_bootstrap.js` file itself. |

> {:.table}

Reviewer: All of the columns in these tables are...weird.

The left column is too big so the text on the right is too small.

🤷

Reviewer: Fixed!!

script called `flutter_bootstrap.js` in the output build directory
(`build/web`), which contains the JavaScript code needed to initialize and run
your Flutter app. You can use this script by simply placing an async script tag
for it in your `index.html` file in the `web` subdirectory of your flutter
project:

```html
<html>
  <body>
    <script src="flutter_bootstrap.js" async></script>
  </body>
<html>
```

Alternatively, you can inline the entire contents of the `flutter_bootstrap.js`
file by inserting the template token `{% raw %}{{flutter_bootstrap_js}}{% endraw %}` in your
`index.html` file:

```html
<html>
  <body>
    <script>
      {% raw %}{{flutter_bootstrap_js}}{% endraw %}
    </script>
  </body>
<html>
```

The `{% raw %}{{flutter_bootstrap_js}}{% endraw %}` token will be replaced with the contents of the
`flutter_bootstrap.js` file when the `index.html` file is copied to the output
directory (`build/web`) during the build step.

## Customizing Initialization

By default, the `flutter build web` process generates a `flutter_bootstrap.js`
file that does a simple initialization of your Flutter app. However, in some

> scenarios, you may have a reason to customize this initialization process, such

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
scenarios, you might have a reason to customize this initialization process, such
```

as:

* Setting a custom Flutter configuration for your app
* Changing the settings for the Flutter service worker

> * Write custom JavaScript code to run at different stages of the startup process

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Writing custom JavaScript code to run at different stages of the startup process
```

To write your own custom bootstrapping logic instead of using the default script
produced by the build step, you can place a `flutter_bootstrap.js` file in the

> `web` subdirectory of your project, which will be copied over and used in lieu

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`web` subdirectory of your project, which is copied over and used in lieu
```

of the default script produced by the build. This file is also templated, and

> you can insert several special tokens which the build step will substitute at

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
you can insert several special tokens that the build step substitutes at
```

build time when copying the `flutter_bootstrap.js` file to the output directory.

> Here is a list of the tokens that the build step will substitute in either the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following table lists the tokens that the build step will substitute in either the
```

`flutter_bootstrap.js` or `index.html` files:

<div class="table-wrapper" markdown="1">

> | Token | Replaced With |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Token | Replaced with |
```

|---|---|
| `{% raw %}{{flutter_js}}{% endraw %}` | The JavaScript code that makes the `FlutterLoader` object available in the `_flutter.loader` global variable. (See the `_flutter.loader.load() API` section below for more details.) |
| `{% raw %}{{flutter_build_config}}{% endraw %}` | A JavaScript statement that sets metadata produced by the build process which gives the `FlutterLoader` information needed to properly bootstrap your application. |
| `{% raw %}{{flutter_service_worker_version}}{% endraw %}` | A unique number representing the build version of the service worker, which can be passed as part of the service worker configuration (see the "Service Worker Settings" table below). |
| `{% raw %}{{flutter_bootstrap_js}}{% endraw %}` | As mentioned above, this inlines the contents of the `flutter_bootstrap.js` file directly into the `index.html` file. Note that this token can only be used in the `index.html` and not the `flutter_bootstrap.js` file itself. |
{:.table}

</div>

> ## Writing a custom `flutter_bootstrap.js`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Write a custom `flutter_bootstrap.js`
```

Any custom `flutter_bootstrap.js` script needs to have three components in order
to successfully start your Flutter app:

* A `{% raw %}{{flutter_js}}{% endraw %}` token, to make `_flutter.loader` available.

> * A `{% raw %}{{flutter_build_config}}{% endraw %}` token, which provides information about the build to the
>   `FlutterLoader` needed to start your app

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* A `{% raw %}{{flutter_build_config}}{% endraw %}` token, 
  which provides information about the build to the
  `FlutterLoader` needed to start your app.
```

* A call to `_flutter.loader.load()`, which actually starts the app.

The most basic `flutter_bootstrap.js` file would look something like this:

```js
{% raw %}{{flutter_js}}{% endraw %}
{% raw %}{{flutter_build_config}}{% endraw %}

_flutter.loader.load();
```

## The `_flutter.loader.load()` API

> The `_flutter.loader.load()` JavaScript API can also be invoked with a few
> different optional arguments that can customize initialization behavior:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `_flutter.loader.load()` JavaScript API can be invoked with
optional arguments go customize initialization behavior:
```

<div class="table-wrapper" markdown="1">

> | Name | Description | JS&nbsp;Type |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Name | Description | JS&nbsp;type |
```

|---|---|---|
|`config`| The Flutter configuration of your app. |`Object`|
|`onEntrypointLoaded`| The function called when the engine is ready to be initialized. Receives an `engineInitializer` object as its only parameter. |`Function`|

> |`serviceWorkerSettings`| The configuration for the `flutter_service_worker.js` loader. (If not set, the service worker won't be used.) |`Object`|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|`serviceWorkerSettings`| The configuration for the `flutter_service_worker.js` loader.
(If not set, the service worker isn't used.) |`Object`|
```

{:.table}

> 

Reviewer 2: @parlough, the next table has the same issue.

</div>

The `config` argument is an object that can have the following optional fields:

<div class="table-wrapper" markdown="1">

> | Name | Description | Dart&nbsp;Type |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Name | Description | Dart&nbsp;type |
```

|`canvasKitMaximumSurfaces`| The maximum number of overlay surfaces that the CanvasKit renderer can use. |`double`|
|`debugShowSemanticNodes`| If `true`, Flutter visibly renders the semantics tree onscreen (for debugging).  |`bool`|
|`hostElement`| HTML Element into which Flutter renders the app. When not set, Flutter web takes over the whole page. |`HtmlElement`|
|`renderer`| Specifies the [web renderer][web-renderers] for the current Flutter application, either `"canvaskit"` or `"html"`. |`String`|
{:.table}

</div>

[web-renderers]: /platform-integration/web/renderers

The `serviceWorkerSettings` argument has the following optional fields.

<div class="table-wrapper" markdown="1">

| Name | Description | JS&nbsp;Type |
|-|-|-|
|`serviceWorkerUrl`| The URL of the Service Worker JS file. The `serviceWorkerVersion` is appended to the URL. Defaults to `"flutter_service_worker.js?v="` |`String`|
|`serviceWorkerVersion`| Pass *the `serviceWorkerVersion` variable* set by the build process in your **`index.html`** file. |`String`|
|`timeoutMillis`| The timeout value for the service worker load. Defaults to `4000`. |`Number`|
{:.table}

</div>

> ## Example: Customizing Flutter Configuration Based on URL Query Parameters

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Example: Customizing Flutter configuration based on URL query parameters
```
